# Go API client for slo

This API CRUDs SLO objects for the Grafana plugin. 
Modifying an SLO object will create or update recording and alerting rules in a connected Prometheus instance and create or update dashboards in Grafana.

## Overview
This API client was generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project.  By using the [OpenAPI-spec](https://www.openapis.org/) from a remote server, you can easily generate an API client.

- API version: 1.0.0
- Package version: 1.0.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.GoClientCodegen

## Installation

Install the following dependencies:

```sh
go get github.com/stretchr/testify/assert
go get golang.org/x/net/context
```

Put the package under your project folder and add the following in import:

```go
import slo "github.com/grafana/slo-openapi-client/go"
```

To use a proxy, set the environment variable `HTTP_PROXY`:

```go
os.Setenv("HTTP_PROXY", "http://proxy_name:proxy_port")
```

## Configuration of Server URL

Default configuration comes with `Servers` field that contains server objects as defined in the OpenAPI specification.

### Select Server Configuration

For using other server than the one defined on index 0 set context value `slo.ContextServerIndex` of type `int`.

```go
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), slo.ContextServerIndex, 1)
```

### Templated Server URL

Templated server URL is formatted using default variables from configuration or from context value `slo.ContextServerVariables` of type `map[string]string`.

```go
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), slo.ContextServerVariables, map[string]string{
	"basePath": "v2",
})
```

Note, enum values are always validated and all unused variables are silently ignored.

### URLs Configuration per Operation

Each operation can use different server URL defined using `OperationServers` map in the `Configuration`.
An operation is uniquely identified by `"{classname}Service.{nickname}"` string.
Similar rules for overriding default operation server index and variables applies by using `slo.ContextOperationServerIndices` and `slo.ContextOperationServerVariables` context maps.

```go
ctx := context.WithValue(context.Background(), slo.ContextOperationServerIndices, map[string]int{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": 2,
})
ctx = context.WithValue(context.Background(), slo.ContextOperationServerVariables, map[string]map[string]string{
	"{classname}Service.{nickname}": {
		"port": "8443",
	},
})
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *http://localhost/api/plugins/grafana-slo-app/resources*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*DefaultAPI* | [**V1SloGet**](docs/DefaultAPI.md#v1sloget) | **Get** /v1/slo | 
*DefaultAPI* | [**V1SloIdDelete**](docs/DefaultAPI.md#v1sloiddelete) | **Delete** /v1/slo/{id} | 
*DefaultAPI* | [**V1SloIdGet**](docs/DefaultAPI.md#v1sloidget) | **Get** /v1/slo/{id} | 
*DefaultAPI* | [**V1SloIdPut**](docs/DefaultAPI.md#v1sloidput) | **Put** /v1/slo/{id} | 
*DefaultAPI* | [**V1SloPost**](docs/DefaultAPI.md#v1slopost) | **Post** /v1/slo | 


## Documentation For Models

 - [Alerting](docs/Alerting.md)
 - [AlertingMetadata](docs/AlertingMetadata.md)
 - [DashboardRef](docs/DashboardRef.md)
 - [DestinationDatasource](docs/DestinationDatasource.md)
 - [ErrorResponse](docs/ErrorResponse.md)
 - [Folder](docs/Folder.md)
 - [FreeformQuery](docs/FreeformQuery.md)
 - [HistogramQuery](docs/HistogramQuery.md)
 - [Label](docs/Label.md)
 - [MetricDef](docs/MetricDef.md)
 - [Objective](docs/Objective.md)
 - [Query](docs/Query.md)
 - [RatioQuery](docs/RatioQuery.md)
 - [ReadOnly](docs/ReadOnly.md)
 - [SLOCreateResponse](docs/SLOCreateResponse.md)
 - [SLOListResponse](docs/SLOListResponse.md)
 - [Slo](docs/Slo.md)
 - [Status](docs/Status.md)
 - [Threshold](docs/Threshold.md)
 - [ThresholdQuery](docs/ThresholdQuery.md)


## Documentation For Authorization


Authentication schemes defined for the API:
### bearerAuth

- **Type**: HTTP Bearer token authentication

Example

```go
auth := context.WithValue(context.Background(), slo.ContextAccessToken, "BEARER_TOKEN_STRING")
r, err := client.Service.Operation(auth, args)
```


## Documentation for Utility Methods

Due to the fact that model structure members are all pointers, this package contains
a number of utility functions to easily obtain pointers to values of basic types.
Each of these functions takes a value of the given basic type and returns a pointer to it:

* `PtrBool`
* `PtrInt`
* `PtrInt32`
* `PtrInt64`
* `PtrFloat`
* `PtrFloat32`
* `PtrFloat64`
* `PtrString`
* `PtrTime`

## Author



